chore: releasing version 0.18.0 (#853)
pactus-project/pactus: docs/releasing.md

2. **Updating Windows DLLS**

> To ensure that the GUI can find the required dependency DLLs in Windows, we may need to update them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the GUI can find the required dependency DLLs in Windows, we may need to update them for the [Windows installer](../.github/releasers/releaser_gui_windows.sh).
```

> You need access to a Windows OS,then Follow these commands in the project's root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, you'll require access to a Windows operating system.
Follow the steps below within the project's root directory using MSYS2:
```
